# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements_dev.in -o /Users/kiyoon/project/workflows/python-projector/deps/lock/x86_64-apple-darwin/requirements_dev.txt --python-platform x86_64-apple-darwin --python-version 3.11
babel==2.15.0
    # via mkdocs-material
cairocffi==1.7.1
    # via cairosvg
cairosvg==2.7.1
    # via mkdocs-material
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cairocffi
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
coverage==7.5.4
    # via pytest-cov
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via cairosvg
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via cairosvg
fonttools==4.53.0
    # via matplotlib
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
griffe==1.4.1
    # via mkdocstrings-python
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.0.0
    # via mike
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via mike
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   mike
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via types-seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mike==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_docs.in
    #   mike
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-callouts
    #   mkdocs-coverage
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_docs.in
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocs-callouts==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
mkdocs-coverage==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
mkdocs-gen-files==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
mkdocs-material==9.5.40
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_docs.in
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_docs.in
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
numpy==2.0.0
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas-stubs
    #   types-seaborn
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs
    #   pytest
paginate==0.5.6
    # via mkdocs-material
pandas-stubs==2.2.2.240603
    # via types-seaborn
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mkdocs
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs-material
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   mkdocstrings
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   rich
pymdown-extensions==10.8.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   mike
pytest==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   matplotlib
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   mike
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via
    #   mike
    #   mkdocs
regex==2024.5.15
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.32.3
    # via mkdocs-material
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
ruff==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
tomli==2.2.1
    # via coverage
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.12.5
    # via -r requirements.in
types-pytz==2024.1.0.20240417
    # via pandas-stubs
types-seaborn==0.13.2.20240417
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
types-tqdm==4.66.0.20240106
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via typer
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
versioneer==0.29
    # via -r requirements.in
verspec==0.1.0
    # via mike
watchdog==4.0.1
    # via mkdocs
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata
